[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So the big question comes
down to, how did they build
these things?
How were they constructed?
Well, I had this really,
really interesting journey
where I began looking
into different random,
scattered parts of
history, mysterious things
that people don't
really understand.
And as I dug through those
mysteries across the world,
I came across a
story about something
called Solomon's Shamir.
Has anybody heard of
that, Solomon's Shamir?
We have one.
Amazing.
OK, so Solomon's
Shamir, often described
as some kind of worm that has a
green eye that shoots fire out
of it.
And this strange
worm had the power
to melt stone, move stones,
construct objects, and cut
objects, a snaky thing
with a green light
that comes out of it, huh?
And I'm thinking that sounds
like the kind of thing that
could build these things, right?
So then I'm in Dendera.
And I go down underground,
and I'm like, oh, right.
I forgot about this image.
Look at this thing--
two people holding this rod.
And this rod is a djed.
We call it a djed.
It's got at least the
design of the djed.
And it's got this thing
that they call the sun disk.
And it's got these two little
candle-like objects here
and these two larger
arc pieces here.
And this thing, if we look
at it really carefully,
what do we find?
Here you go.
Here's your Tesla coil
and resistance system
to protect electromagnetically,
two electrical diodes right
there to generate a plasma arc.
And you've got amplifier
diodes and a channel
to focus that energy.
What if it was a big
freaking plasma gun?
And it could literally
chop through things.
But it also had certain kind of
interesting resonant properties
or, when combined with some
of the other technology,
could be used to
lift and move stones.
And then what are you going
to call something like that?
After the fall of
Atlantis, after the floods,
after all of these cycles
and time and civilization,
all you have is legends
of it and remnants of it
and the stories about it.
What is it going to become?
This strange
beastlike worm thing
that has the power to
shoot fire out of its eye.
But it's also described in a
way that's not just like a worm,
or it's like-- they also
use the word "substance,"
as a worm or a substance.
It's like a thing
that does this.
But they don't know how
to describe this thing.
And so I believe
that Solomon Shamir
is referring to one of the
plasma technologies that
was able to build the pyramids.
And all of the pyramids
exhibit this sort
of comprehensive
understanding of the sciences,
of the mathematics, but also
of deeper spiritual wisdom.
How many of you have ever been
through all three pyramids?
Yeah.
So which one was your favorite?
>> The second one.
>> OK, nice.
The second one is your
favorite, amazing.
What about you?
[DISTANT SPEECH]
>> Uh-huh, uh-huh.
So the second one also.
Why?
[DISTANT SPEECH]
>> Yeah, yeah, each person
that I've asked that question
of tends to have a different
favorite and for different
reasons.
The Great Pyramid
is super activating.
But the second pyramid,
when you get it humming,
it's like portals
start to open up.
You know what I mean?
You know what I'm talking about?
It's like there's these gateways
that start to open in the field.
And you begin to see and
feel through these gateways
to lineages of information.
It's almost like it's
there to teach and inform
you and show you how we're
all part of a community.
We're all connected.
All of the roads
lead to the one.
Then the third pyramid, she's
like the little humble one.
Nobody ever talks about her.
But you go down into her.
And tell me if I'm
wrong, she lays you low.
She humbles you.
The energy in there
is so potent that it's
meant to basically say, OK,
we know now you're activated.
Now you're all
community connected.
Awesome, right?
Now you're ready to be God.
No, get on your knees.
Bow down.
If you cannot become humble
when you become powerful,
then you have lost the meaning
of gaining power at all.
If you cannot surrender
your strength,
then you have no strength.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you.
And so through
the three pyramids
and through this
experience with them,
I came to a sense
of understanding
that this is not just machines.
These are not just engines.
It's not just about energy.
It's about comprehensive,
integrative, unified
technologies, a level
of understanding
about both technology
and spirituality
that we just don't really
have here on Earth, do we?
And interestingly,
the more people
that I started coming across
who had memories and experiences
from the stars and other
worlds, almost all of them that
have this deep resonance
with this place
called Arcturus, which is the
name of a star, by the way.
But the Arcturus star has
this system around it,
believed to be by those who
are the experiencers of this.
And they all say, well, we
feel like we helped build
the pyramids in Egypt, and
that our world has pyramids,
and that our world is a
lot about initiations,
usually through the dark,
by going into the darkness
to find the light, to face
the shadow, to meet the truth.
And the Arcturians that I've
spoken with and worked with
and gone deeper and
deeper with helped
me to understand that a
lot of the mathematics,
the advanced thinking, the
advancements that are there
and that we find across Egypt,
that many of those advancements
are the keystones of the
Arcturian civilization.
And this is where my
talk takes a left turn
because I start to help you
guys understand and will start
to show you that these sites,
this mathematics, this geometry,
this magic, it's not just about
the sites on the ground, first
of all.
And it's not just about the
ancient history of Earth.
It's also about
the ancient history
of our community in the
stars and our connection
to that community and the
role that those communities
have had in our development.
Where else now do we find the
level of advanced mathematics
and integrative understanding
impressed into objects randomly
and suddenly on the Earth?
Crop circles.
Now, did John and
Jill actually go
and build this thing
in two hours overnight?
Look at the size
of a person there.
Are all the farmers that have
seen lights show up at night
flashing across their fields
and then disappearing?
Are they all crazy?
Do we have helicopters
with advanced cymatics
and just some really crazy rock
star military guys who are like,
dude, let's put the Fibonacci
sequence into a divine pattern
on that dude's lawn, man?
It's like, no.
And when you start to unpack
the geometry in these things,
you take this one Euler's cube
is what I like to call it,
put it in Fosbury in 2010.
Just the proportions
between each
of the lines in the structure
reveal pi alpha divided by 100,
Euler-Mascheroni square
root of 2, square root of 3,
square root of 5,
cube root of 2.
And I was really obsessing all
this stuff because Robert Grant,
I was working with him building
a new encryption system.
And I swear, every day Robert
would come into the office,
and he's like, I decoded
another da Vinci painting.
And it's got the cube root of
2 and the square root of 4.
And you're like, whoa,
OK, cool, Robert.
And then the next day,
it's the same thing.
And the next day,
the same thing.
And eventually, you're
like, wow, I should probably
start absorbing that and
learning from that, I guess.
And what you find
is that, yeah, you
take the tracks that roll
through the structure,
the tractor tracks.
That equals 1.
That becomes your
baseline for measurement.
And then you do all the other
measurements based on that.
And boom, all of
a sudden, you've
got the codes of the universe
stuck in a freaking crop circle.
Now, maybe they're
trying to tell us
some stuff with
these crop circles.
Maybe they're
trying to remind us
of some things that
can help us unpack some
of these ancient mysteries.
And when we look
at these things,
you start to wonder,
wow, actually,
this looks like a
molecular structure.
When I was decrypting this
one, I didn't say anything.
I just put the picture in
front of my friend Carissa,
who is my operations
director of my company.
And she worked with the
Nanotechnology Research
Institute of Canada
for many years.
She still does.
We're actually synthesizing
some materials there,
hoping to get them synthesized
in this next grant cycle
over the next year, that
we believe is actually
a crystalline
structure that can have
the same piezoelectric
properties that we see in some
of these ancient devices and be
useful for localized easy energy
production based on the quantum
vacuum fluctuations of space
time.
But that's part of another talk.
So looks like a molecular
structure, right?
Let's get down to what
these things actually are.
What are these stones?
What's in them?
What is the matter of it?
What is the physics of it?
We do need to talk a
little physics here
because in order to
understand this technology,
you need to understand
the physics.
Well, I've been studying
the proton for a long time.
And a lot of my initial work,
when I was in high school,
I did my senior
project in high school
called the unification of
science and spirituality
through unified
field theoretics.
[LAUGHTER]
Yes, I was that geeky.
But I did that because
I woke up when I was 15.
And I realized I
had an energy body.
And before that, I was
the shyest kid, barely
had any friends.
I'd go home, play on the
computer, learn how to hack,
learn how to turn on
and off phone lines,
learn how to pick locks.
I wanted ninja skills.
You know what I mean?
15-year-old, ninja skills.
I'll pick my teacher's
lock and get the thing out.
And boom, and
everybody's like, yay.
It was awesome.
But then I woke up,
and I discovered
I had this energy body.
And I needed to know,
how is it possible
that I can move chi
between my hands,
stick it out over anybody else's
hand, and they can feel the chi?
And yet no one in school, no
one in the academic world,
no scientist is
talking about it.
Give me a break.
And this led me down this
long rabbit hole pipeline
where I started to look
at and understand, what
is the geometry of this field?
What is this?
What is spacetime?
And the deeper I dug,
the clearer it became.
Spacetime is this incredible
holographic light lattice
that has a particular geometry.
It's tetrahedral
and triangulated.
But it also has
to curve in order
to form gravity because
spacetime curvature makes
gravity.
And so spacetime curvature
then also makes mass.
And so how do you curve
an equilateral lattice
into a sphere?
A geodesic.
And geodesics are the great
work of Buckminster Fuller.
Anybody here know
Buckminster Fuller's work?
Yes, awesome.
Great.
Then you've got a great primer.
And once you curve spacetime
into this sphere structure, what
you're literally talking
about is spacetime
that's so highly curved
that the way that we
would think about that
in astronomical terms
is a black hole.
It's too sharply curved.
It has way too much gravity.
And this is why physicists
are like, no way,
proton can't be a black
hole because if it was,
it would just suck up
all the other protons.
But here's the trick.
If the proton is spinning
at the speed of light
around its equator, then it's
going to shear space time.
And through that
shearing of spacetime,
it's going to operate as though
it's actually quite light, even
though it's extremely heavy.
So the first
starships we actually
know about here on Earth
that we have accessible to us
are actually the
protons floating around
in all your bodies.
But it goes way deeper.
Because when you start looking
at this pentagonal geometry--
by the way, pentagon,
pentagram, sacred symbolism
of all the Earth religions,
going way, way back in time.
I wonder why they thought, God,
expressing through the physical,
used this geometry.
Interesting.
It's how you get physicality.
It's how you get matter.
And you know what the
word "matter" comes from?
Matere, mather, mather,
mother, the goddess
And if you look at this
pattern in the proton--
and by the way, this is just
a geometric representation.
The proton is
actually much bigger
than this, with much higher
frequency dome, insanely higher.
And these are pipelines.
So this is at a certain
stage before you
get to the core of the proton.
So you follow the
lines all the way down,
and you look at
the structure here.
What you end up with at
the very core of the proton
is something called an
excavated dodecahedron.
And it turns out
that if you stack
the layers of that excavated
dodecahedron and you
pipeline that out through
these five-pointed lattice
arrays coming out of
the core of the proton
and you look at that
array from the top down,
guess what the geometry of those
pipes, going into the proton,
matches?
DNA.
So you have these inputs.
You've got these outputs.
And the whole structure of how
the energy could move in and out
through these tunneling
patterns, quantum
tunnels in the proton is
literally the same structure
as DNA from the top down.
And then I'm like, OK, well,
maybe there's a connection here.
Maybe there's some kind
of storage happening.
Maybe protons are
storing information.
And so what I did is I take
the number of oscillations
in the entire proton,
the whole proton's
quantum bits, so to speak.
Spacetime, as we come
to understand it now
in advanced
theoretical physics, is
that the structure, if discrete,
is each made of a Planck unit.
And each of those
Planck units is a state.
And that state is like
a bit of information,
just like a bit
inside of a computer.
And you get a group of
bits, you get a byte.
And so all of our computers
and stuff that we've built,
we've built off of this concept.
And if you look at
a proton, proton
is full of basically 10 to the
60th of these quantum bits.
So that's the number of
Planck oscillations inside
of the volume of one proton.
But then I was looking
and doing some other work
on the age of the
universe because I thought
it was really fascinating
that the number of seconds
in the estimated age of the
universe is basically 4.32 times
10 to the 17th.
That's really interesting.
If you guys heard of
4.32, how many of you
out there have heard of 4.32 is
an interesting powerful number
having to do with resonance and
all of these different things?
Yeah, well, I won't
gloss over it.
I'll show you a little
bit more about it.
But then I decided, well, how
many seconds of Planck time?
In other words,
you divide a second
into Planck seconds, which is
a smaller unit of time that's
relevant to other
Planck units, which
are used in quantum mechanics.
Like I said, a little
physics lesson.
I promise I won't
stay here too long.
And it turns out
that the estimated
age of the universe
in Planck seconds
is 8.77 times 10 to the 60th.
So the number of Planck
seconds in the age
of the entire universe
matches roughly the amount
of oscillating bits
inside of every proton?
Think about that for a second.
10 to the 60th is a
huge number, by the way.
I mean, this could
easily be 10 to the 61st.
Or what if the proton
had 10 to the 48th?
No, 10 to the 60th.
It nailed it.
And what that means to me as a
physicist, that's not a mistake.
That's not a coincidence.
What it means is that
every proton is actually
the hard drive storing the
information of its experience
from the beginning of
the universe to now.
Do you want to know where
the Akashic Record is?
Thank you.
It's a big freaking deal.
You want to know
where the Akashic
Record is, it's right here.
Your body is the memory.
This is all memory.
It's all remembering.
And yeah, let's not gloss over
that day, because it's also
not a coincidence that it's
4.32 times 10 to the 17th
that we are right now
having this conversation.
Because if we look
at it, then 4.32--
4.32, as a number,
that also happens
to be the moon's orbital speed.
It happens to be ratios of the
equatorial diameter in miles
of the sun.
It happens to be the Earth's
circumference in nautical miles.
It happens to be the
number of seconds in a day.
And it goes on and
on and on and on.
The list goes on and on.
So there's some serious
magic in this realization
that we're in right now
and the way the universe is
and where we're at as a
juncture point in consciousness
on this planet and at this time.
And when you start to
go a little deeper,
I want you to
understand that when
I say protons are hard
drives, this is not just
a guess out of the blue.
We are already using
quantum computing
to store information
based on simply the spin
state of each one of the
atoms inside of a molecule
or a series of molecules inside
of a larger set or a lattice.
And the way we're doing most
of the quantum computing
is just spin state.
So we just say, is
it spinning this way?
Or is it spinning that way?
Which is roughly
a 1 or a 0 thing.
That's still the
way we're thinking.
But in a proton,
you could store 10
to the 60th bits of information.
That's more than all of the
computers on Earth combined.
In fact, that's so
much information.
I'm about to blow your socks off
with how much information that
is in just a minute.
So hold onto your socks.
And there's this whole concept
that's come into the physics
world more recently, thanks
to guys like John Wheeler,
that suggest that when Einstein
and Rosen were talking about
Einstein-Rosen bridges--
you heard of that
term, wormholes?
Wormhole connects two
points in spacetime.
Theoretically, you
could have wormholes
linking star systems, a portal
between two points in space.
But it would take
huge amounts of energy
that we don't have apparently,
oh, except for that spacetime
is full of that energy already.
That's called the
vacuum catastrophe.
Energy is full of space.
Space is full of energy.
And it turns out that Einstein,
Podolsky, and Rosen were also
doing this other paper that's
about entanglement, spooky
action at a distance.
And now the
physicists are going,
wait, maybe entanglement
between two points in space
is actually just
a microwormhole.
It's exactly the same concept.
Somehow there could be
a portal-like threading
that exists between things.
And it got to the
point where Wheeler
looking at it and his
buddies-- and by the way,
John Wheeler is the guy who
wrote the book on gravitation.
It's the biggest book you
get in college physics.
It's like boom.
It's on your desk, and you think
your desk is going to break.
You've got to carry
that to class.
And you're like, OK, I've got
to go learn about gravity, guys.
Excuse me for a second.
Well, maybe, as they
are looking at this,
maybe the whole universe is
full of microwormhole networks.
That's what Wheeler suggested.
And that the entanglement
between any phenomena
is actually a
microwormhole network.
So I just started
wondering, if we
take the proton as a universal
hard drive of some kind,
you've got these as hard drives,
how many network connections
can this hard drive make?
The answer is 10 to the 40th.
That's a one with
40 zeros after it.
Interesting.
So then I'm like, well, how many
connections can I make then?
If we take the number
of atoms in my body,
around 6.5 octillion, we
take the number of protons
in those atoms in my
body, 10 to the 28th,
and we take the number of
wormhole connections per proton
that are possible and
the number of Planck time
units in a single second,
and we decided to calculate,
in one second, how
networked can I be?
How much network
connection can I
produce with this freaking
awesome bodysuit thing
that I have going on
in this incarnation?
the answer, my
friends, basically,
if you account for
potential errors
and possibly no connections
around the equator
what, you essentially get
is around 10 to the 111th.
Now, you guys know
about computers, right,
because we all have computers.
So the basics in computing,
when you use the internet,
you got your gigabytes per
second if you're lucky.
It's like, yeah, I
got my gig speed.
Awesome.
The fastest computer
networks on the planet
provide about 26,000
megabytes per second.
That's about the fastest
we've ever gotten,
the most data per
second in a pipeline.
This is 1 trillion, trillion,
trillion, trillion, trillion,
trillion, megabytes per second.
That's pretty fast.
That's a lot.
And the total number of data
bits that the body can produce,
if we look at that
and we say, well,
what if I want to entangle
with the whole universe then?
can I do it.
Well, it turns out that if
you take the number of stars
in the entire universe-- let's
say you want to connect to every
star in the whole universe--
that's only 10 to the 24th.
That means you could connect
every proton in your body
to different star in
the entire universe.
And you're only going
to use 1 out of 10
to the 61ths of your bandwidth.
I mean, that's such
a small number.
I like to make the
joke of like, you
could connect with all the stars
in the universe in the size
of the tip of your pinky.
That's how powerful it is.
Remember Willow?
(IMITATING WILLOW) The
power of the universe.
Willow, it was my
own finger, right?
It's right here.
Which one contains the
power of the universe?
You contain the power
of the universe.
You can entangle to the
entire freaking thing.
You already are built with
the information pipelines
to experience yourself
as the universe.
Whoa, right?
So when you've had those
moments, those God realization
moments that that moment of,
oh my god, I am everything,
it's because you
actually already
have the network
connections to do that.
You can literally
experience it, cellularly,
physically in your body,
that data exchange.
And now if you start to
really think about this
and you start to look
at, well, what is memory?
What is our experience?
What is time?
What is all of this stuff?
what you start to see is that
as I'm journeying through time,
I'm basically exchanging
and entangling
with the people, the places,
the things, the handshakes,
the moments, the da, the
da, the da, the da, the da,
every one of those is
an information exchange
and an entanglement, just
a little bit, a little one.
But the little ones
add up and add up
and add up and
add up and add up.
And so throughout
your whole life,
you've had all of these
journeys of entangling
to all of these
different things and all
of these different places.
And what is your
brain trying to do?
Your brain is not generating
the consciousness.
Your brain is just scrambling
to map all of it out.
The brain is trying to create
neurological structures,
larger biological memory
systems to map the information
exchange that you're having
through your entanglements.
Does that make sense?
Are you getting me?
So we're basically building
biological structures
to create the holograms
inside of our wet suit
to be able to match
the information data
exchange that we're having
with the universe all the time.
But the brain doesn't always
catch all of it, does it?
But this is also why we can
access the memory anyway.
We can actually bypass whatever
the brain's wetware has
assembled if we simply tap into
the information network that's
already inside our bodies
and all the memory that's
held through the cellular
networks and the protons
in all those cells
throughout our whole system.
We've got access to
so much more than just
what the brain can provide.
And we're barely using
our brain to its use.
[MUSIC PLAYING]